# dataexperiments

I was given a challenge of analyzing the Daily Tasks Park Cleaning Records from NYC Open Data and creating some sort of data story.

I found this challenge to be quite difficult as this was the first time I had to create a data story when I had absolutely no initial interest in or knowledge of the subject. But, it was definitely a great learning experience even though I wasn't necessarily able to answer my original question. If I were to repeat this again, I would use the API to get the data rather than downloading the Open Data portal csv for scalability since the data is so frequently updated. I also think my function for obtaining the frequencies could be more efficient in terms of space as I created temporary dataframes for each date.

I spent 4.5 hours on this challenge. The first 30 minutes were spent reading the Parks Department annual report which was really helpful as it mentioned how comparing sectors was not a valid point for analysis which is something I might have tried to do if I hadn't known otherwise. I also spent that time reading the data dictionary and playing around with the data to find a direction. The next 2.5 hours were spent finding various ways of analyzing the data and eventually settling on understanding whether the August 1, 2018 waste bag dispenser initiative was effective in achieving its goal. The last 1.5 hours were spent researching the greater context of animal waste in NYC, writing the blog post, and cleaning up my notebook for public consumption.
